[Music]
what's the most efficient way to use
your AC in the summer how to get unstuck
for mud or sand even if you are an
experienced driver it never hurts to
learn some extra tips you didn't know
before 9 get ahead of another car safely
every now and then you just have to
overtake another car on a narrow
two-lane road to get to your destination
faster and quite often another car pops
out of nowhere moving in your direction
on the lane you chose for your maneuver
whenever you feel like you don't have
enough time to end it flash the turn
signals indicating the direction you'll
turn to it will help you avoid an
accident because they often happen on
the side of the road when both cars
choose to get there to avoid the crash
it's always a better idea to turn back
to your lane and not to the side of the
road 8 take good care of your wipers
[Music]
when you see that your wipers aren't
working as efficiently as they used to
and can't reach some areas on the
windshield they're most likely wearing
out quite often rubber frame and plastic
wipers wear out and form a C shape as a
result the center of the windshield
remains intact so before you get the
wipers replaced try turning them inside
out you can actually help them work
longer if you keep the windshield clean
at all times make it a habit to clean it
whenever you stopped at a gas station
for a fill-up just make sure the
squeegee they provide you with is clean
and doesn't have any debris in it
whenever frost is coming remove the
wiper blades overnight and they won't
freeze the glass
and finally never ever run the wipers on
a dry windshield they are meant to be
used on a wet surface so if you have to
clean a dry windshield for example to
get rid of pollen turn on the washer
first seven use your a/c wisely in the
summer
imagine it's a hot summer day you get in
the car that's been in the Sun for hours
your first natural urge is to turn the
AC at max stop right there the AC system
accumulates toxic substances you don't
want to breathe in so pump out the hot
air naturally before you get in the car
roll down the rear windows and open and
close the driver's door a few times in a
row then start driving with your windows
open turn on the AC at max for thirty
Seconds to five minutes and wait for the
car to get some fresh air
remember the AC is way more efficient as
you're driving because it helps the
compressor run faster check if your
cabins air filter is clean regularly if
there is dirt in it it messes up the air
flow inside the vehicle and if you have
the auto AC feature in your car don't
use it in hot weather it will help you
save fuel as it turns off automatically
when the engine is off but it will make
sure that you sweat in traffic jams like
crazy 6 be careful with your AC in the
winter
[Music]
if you live in a climate where seasons
do change and winters are snowy and cold
you most likely only use your a/c in the
summer because the last thing you want
on a freezing day is to make the air
inside cooler right well you have to
turn on the a/c for at least a couple of
minutes on medium temperature at least
once a month during the winter this is
important to prevent the system from
going stale if you make it sleep all
winter long you might not be able to
turn it back on in the summer when you
need it the most the same is true for
the heater you have to turn it on for at
least 30 seconds even in the summer
months five start your car when it's
freezing outside
when it's below 14 degrees Fahrenheit
outside and you get in your vehicle
don't try to start it straight away it
will strain the battery and the starter
because when you just get in and try to
start it there's no voltage in the
system it will put your starter and
battery under too much pressure
so before you start the vehicle turn on
the high beams for three to five seconds
it will let you run the current through
your system and help the engines start
easier for get unstuck from mud or sand
in case you get stuck in the mud sand or
snow don't panic and remember there's
always a way to get out
first of all give your tire some room to
maneuver move the steering wheel back
and forth to achieve this but do it
really slow to get traction as you're
doing it go from reverse to drive
quickly but no more than eight times not
to damage the car deflate the tires
letting out about half of the air from
them to increase their surface area then
dig out some space around them and use
the tire jack to elevate the car and
branches boards or even car floor mats
for extra friction as you get out
successfully don't forget to inflate the
tires back and drive slowly at first to
get off the extra mud
[Music]
three pay attention to the wheels when
you're driving along a narrow road and
there is a flow of cars going your way
pay attention to their wheels if you
feel like the driver is acting weirdly
don't wait for them the flash that turn
signals quite often they just forget to
turn them on or do that after they turn
the wheels in the right direction so
it's not the turn signals but though
wheels you should watch to take the most
out of your car alarm most modern car
alarms have anti-theft mode it prevents
car theft blocking the engine while the
stolen vehicle is moving all you have to
do is push the button and stop the
engine from a distance but it won't work
unless you have the alarm remote control
on you for example when thieves throw
you out of the car or you went out to
check the tire said someone jumped in
and went on a ride in your car so it's
really smart to keep the remote control
apart from the rest of your keys and
always keep it in your pocket also don't
activate the anti-theft mode just for
fun it takes an expert to unblock the
vehicle after it's been activated so
reserve it for real emergencies one mind
the details it's pretty obvious that you
have to keep your side car windows clean
but there are some things you might
oversee in this process your side car
windows have rubber molding that you
most likely forget to clean however even
if the car itself is clean these rubbers
accumulate dust you can't even see when
it gets out it scratches your side car
windows like sandpaper a few months
later it can leave deep scratches other
side car windows that you won't be able
to get rid of can you think of any other
useful car maintenance tips and tricks
let me know in the comment section below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life